@document.meta
  title: TODOs
  description: My to-do's for the config.
  authors: aberges
  categories:  config
  created: 2022-03-11
  version: 0.0.1
@end

NOTE: I plan to use /CalVer/ versioning scheme
* 2022.0.α
 ** finish to configure neorg
  -- [x] I need something to add todos and basically make writing this faster
  --- Sort of. `gt` can manipulate TODOs and there are snippets.
  -- [x] dirman
  -- [x] concealer
  -- [x] journal
  -- [x] gtd
  -- [?] org-export, y'now'whatimsayin?
  --- Seems like it's not implemented yet, but I think that maybe
      with `pandoc` /someone/ could implement an extension?

 ** Python
    - [x] Get python server to use `pylsp` -or `jedi`-, not `pyright` 
    - [x] Get `sniprun` to use virtual environments (e.g. `conda main`)
    -- follow-up: just use `conda activate main` before launching `lvim`.
    -- I uninstalled it. Need to keep searching a good way to run python code like in a notebook.

 ** LunarVim config
    - [ ] learn more of the inner workings.
   -- [?] add alias:
          @code bash
            alias nvim="lvim"
          @end
   -- [=] use neorg for a literate config
   --- Will take some time since I need Neorg to implement tangling.
   -- [x] set it into a git repo, stow it.
   -- [ ] modularize (the external plugins are starting to get out of hand)
   -- [ ] Use melange LIGHT
   --- [ ] Advanced: tweak the theme so no italic
   --- [ ] Same could be said of onedarker (no italics)
.
 ** More plugins:
  -- [_] unicode.vim
  --- Dunno if I need it as of now.
  --- Could I revamp that into a Lua plugin with extra stuff like "parse as you type"?
  -- [x] figure out how to surround things or install Vim surround
  --- Using `vim-surround`. Less than ideal (I loved how it worked in 
      /emacs/) but... eh

 ** Misc
  - [ ] make this file into the gtd-file?
  - [=] Lua formatting or something
  --- I'd love to use [stylua](https://github.com/ckipp01/stylua-nvim) but 
      `cargo` fails to compile it.
  - [_] Install GNVim or neovide
  --- Not really needed... use kitty.
  - [ ] patch Iosevka SS04 for nerdicons or make nerd Iosevka to use SS04.
  -- I /think/ I can solve it using *kitty*.
